does here she's looking around in these
ruts and there's space beneath the ruts
Americans be under that rut there it is
there it is there's the cub she led us
to her
[Music]
mm your heart really goes out to a
little cub like this that was just
trying hard to grow up and make its way
and got caught with some kind of
sickness I don't know what Julia started
with three Cubs and lost first a female
and now this female is sick she's got a
meal still with her very healthy
juliette seems like she doesn't know
what to do
here's a cub that she's staying the
vicinity of where it is but she has to
eat make milk to help the other Cubs
survive she's torn
I'm just waiting to see what's going to
happen in the next 24 hours with this
beer and it could could make a
miraculous recovery and I'll be happy or
it could be that it looks like it's just
going downhill many times through the
research I've seen situations where I
wanted to help and very glad that I
didn't intervene because I wouldn't have
learned anything I would have just
helped one beer and not learned anything
that could help all Bears
[Music]
she's still warm but dead and their sign
the mother has been back to check here's
a clump of fur that she probably checked
to see if the cub was responsive and
wasn't and she wasn't here when I came
so she probably then just went on okay
come on little girl I want to see what
happened to you at least we'll find out
what happened looks like she died in her
sleep her eyes are closed poor sick come
[Music]
you